yo everyone i hope you go
well it's israel we find ourselves for this
new episode of the guide for beginners
so in the east in the episode
previous we had seen how to do the
walls how to build a house that in
big in this episode we'll see how
kraft and a door how kraft and some
braziers
and how kraft and a stone door
so we're going to do the inside of the
home simply
we will also see in the next
episodes how to make chests
metal box etc
so to make the door it's going to be
simple it will take you
a bolt if I'm not mistaken it's a
end of their surprise in front of my little
my little lists that's it so we
be a bolt and or the frost
elbows we are frying we had already
showed how to do that it's easy
so the bolts if you do not have any
bolts well this simple makes a fire
camp there too it's in my episodes
previous fatah campfire and you there
put look and hop you have here in
fire and you put the metal and that makes
bolts here are easy fast then
we're going to kraft and the door because
besides I need it so we go
put one or two frame and a bolt and
we are at the door
awesome awesome the door that is
on the ground because I have no place
awesome we will drop up but will take the
door I 'm going to show you how the
break the Iberian single so we're going
the team and and we can ask it as
this
yeah like that it would be nice but if
you do not want to put a door
in wood to have a wooden door and
well it's simple you take the road
of andorra and scrap metal so that's
not the door at worst I said
foolery
it's a metal door a door in
metal so it takes 3 scrap metal and and
a wooden door a door downstairs in
wood 3 metal and you will have your door
metal that of course resist a little
more than the wooden door to the zombies
so we're going to place it like this and that's it
we have our metal door
so then so now that she is
con inside how to make
abrasions a torch or call it like
you want you need two sticks and
bolts and there we abrasives up we
will put by here and this room you
go see I'm going to make a video
rather nice because I want you
show how to make a nightclub
yeah disco and that that and that
friends this will be in the next episode
that's how to make a door a door
in metal and how to make a brazier
so you have what for the moment
equip your home
we find ourselves in an upcoming episode
for more guides more kraft more
tips on the internet friends if this
short episode of you liked baer
do not hesitate to leak and and to you
subscribe if you are still not
subscribers for more videos
I tell you the next hi all the
world